[music]
Why am I moving all the freaking [music]
time?
Yeah, let me just hang my [music] towel
up there.
All of these piles [music] finally
sorted.
[music]
Good morning, guys. Happy New Year. It
is the last day in my last morning in
this apartment. It's another moving day
and it is going to be a big one because
I'm truly moving everything out of this
place. I have movers on the way. My
dad's on the way. My boyfriend's here to
help. And I just kind of feel crazy that
I'm moving out of this place because
when I first moved here, I was at such
like a low point in my life. But it was
right at the time where I was retaking a
course that I failed and I wasn't even
close at passing. But yeah, I'm finally
moving out of this place. You can see
I've taken everything off the walls now
and almost everything is packed. So
without further ado, let's get into this
video.
[music]
So, this is the front door. And
immediately when you walk in, there's
this long hallway and a ton of closets.
So, just bear with me. When I open this
closet, it's like kind of an awkward
shape. And there's like no built-ins.
So, I'm probably just going to put
cleaning supplies there. And then this
closet is just the coat closet cuz it
has a built-in rack. And then I'm also
going to put my shoe storage here as
well. And then this [music] door leads
to the bathroom. This is the bathroom.
It smells like cleaning. supplies in
here. They actually gave us a rod
already. So, I'm just going to hang my
shower curtain. And it actually has a
tub, which was one of my
non-negotiables. Has this massive
mirror. And these ceilings are so tall,
guys. Like, I feel so small compared to
this door. And then this closet is
boring. It's just the heater [music] and
like water tank. And then finally, the
last closet. This closet is just the
laundry room. It has obviously the
washer and dryer on one side. And it's
really nice that they left these
built-ins. And I think I'm going to use
this built-in for cleaning products,
linens, and then also PR. And then now
for the living room. This is what really
sold me on this place. I love the
hardwood floor. I love how spacious it
is and how tall the ceilings are. And
then this is obviously the kitchen we've
started moving in already. And so then
this is a kitchen. And right beside it
is this little like area that I'm
probably going to make my office because
when I was touring this place, the last
tenant had three desks here. One work
desk, a craft desk, and then I think
their partner's desk. I'm going to be
living alone in this place by myself,
but I do love having a crafting area.
And so, I think I'm going to put desks
here just right here by these windows.
And then I'm probably going to put a
bookshelf or something or another on
this wall. Maybe my mug shelf that I got
for Christmas. This is another view of
the kitchen. Please ignore my massive
monitor. There's full-size appliances,
which is really nice. They cleaned out
everything, which I always appreciate.
This just the this and then and then
this is another view of the living room
from the kitchen. And then this is a
little housewarming gift that I got from
my landlord. It honestly has all the
essentials that you need for when you're
moving in. Things that are just like
packed away like toilet paper, paper
towel, microfiber cloths, Kleenex.
There's hand soap, dish soap, toilet
cleaner, and pods and command hooks,
which is just so perfect. And then
beside the kitchen, I have my bedroom,
which doesn't have any windows, but I do
really love how spacious it is and how
cozy I can make it. There's light coming
in from the top. And then there [music]
is a massive closet right here, which
I'm so excited for. And this is the
other view of [music] the bedroom out to
the living room. It has these glass
sliding doors, but that doesn't really
provide any privacy. So, this is what it
looks like when both the glass doors are
closed together. It's like a little cube
here. And for the two glass doors, my
plan is to just put some like privacy
screens on it, like frosted glass, or
just like hang some curtains on the
inside of them for some privacy because
my room is always a mess. And of course,
I don't want guests to see that. So,
that's the plan for right now.
This space is so nice.
>> [music]
>> Hey,
[music]
hey, hey.
Now, I know some of you guys are
probably wondering, why am I moving all
the freaking time? If you've been
following along, I've moved seven times
in the last 3 years, and that is a lot
of moving vlogs, okay? And it honestly
just boils down to my university, the
program that I'm enrolled in, which is
pharmacy school. The program itself just
does not follow a regular calendar
school year or like a regular school
year. So, I'm in between cities a lot
because I choose to do my internships
closer to family, which means that I
have to move everything to go stay at a
new place to be closer to my job. And
then obviously when school is in
session, I have to move back here. So,
that is why I have made this really big
move. And in 2026, I'm going to be in
pharmacy school for 8 months. And this
year, it does follow a normal school
year. So, January to April and September
to December, I will be in school. And
so, now this place is closer to my
university and it's going to be really
easy for me to go to [music] and from
school. But yeah, hopefully that gives
you guys some context as to why I'm
moving all the time. It's totally not up
to me. I would love to stop moving so
often. Boxes are finally arriving from
the movers. I think this is the last of
them because this is literally taking up
the [music] entire living room.
[music]
>> [music]
>> like this. [music]
There you go.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Of
course, I've unpacked my jelly cats. So,
I have Woody here, just my jumbo
woodland bunny. She's going to go here.
Please ignore this mess. But I have also
packed all the jellies in this drawer. I
have so many. I'm just wondering which
ones I should add to the bed now.
I'm going to take out these two guys
because I think this one's super cute
and then this one because it was super
snowy today.
Okay, guys. I just took a much needed
shower. The good news is the water
pressure is really great here. And I
like the shower head, but the spout is
kind of doing this like weird [music]
thing where water is coming out of the
bottom and the top at the same time. So,
I'm going to have to ask my landlord
[music] to take a look at that. The
mirror here is also massive. I have to
show you guys this. Like, [music] excuse
the mess. I've literally been living
here for 4 hours. But this mirror goes
all the [music] way up to the ceiling or
almost. And the ceilings are like 12 to
14 feet tall. [music] So this is just
massive. And on that note, do you notice
anything else funny? Look. [music] Look
at that. But how am I supposed to get
that like up there? Like it's zoomed in,
but this is it in context. Yeah. Let me
just hang my towel up there.
Hello. But anyways, it is my first night
here and [music] essentially the start
of a new year. So, I just did an
everything shower and then I also washed
all of the sheets [music] and like duvet
covers, pillowcases, essentially all of
my linens and towels, including like the
[music] floor ones. I just know that I'm
going to sleep so well with all those
kinds of things done. But tomorrow, I
really need to tackle the kitchen
because I haven't opened a [music]
single one of those boxes and all the
appliances and all the dishwear are
still tucked away.
[music]
>> [music]
>> Good morning, guys. I just had my first
night in the apartment and it was so
nice. I actually slept super well and I
feel like I always do after an
everything shower and once all the
linens are freshly laundered. I will say
though it is a little bit noisy and I
think it's because of all the vents in
the place and my dad was actually
warning me about this yesterday when he
was talking about like there are
multiple vents by the windows and they
travel like 40 [music] ft across the
entire place and the bedroom doesn't
have walls that go all the way up to let
in light so you can kind of hear
everything. But that aside, I slept
really well. I placed a grocery order. I
just brought those in and I also got a
mop because I don't have a welcome mat
yet. So, I've been kind of tracking in a
little bit of salt near the front door.
So, I'm going to tackle that after
breakfast.
>> Two or one?
Like, do you guys hear that? That's the
heater bonding. That's what I was
hearing all night when I was sleeping.
It was kind of like white noise, but I
don't really like sleeping with white
noise. So
yeah.
>> So [music]
I'm sure
you
>> Oh my god.
>> Huh? [music]
>> [music]
>> Uhoh.
[music]
>> [music]
>> First matcha I've made in the apartment.
So, let's do a taste test.
Oh my god, I've been running around so
much during the holidays that I haven't
been making these. So, this is
definitely the fix I needed. I'm now
tackling all of my clothing, but the
closet is super massive, so I'm really
excited to just put everything away.
Those pants are still drying, so that's
why they're hung like that. But I also
did I did have time to go and do my
drawers though. So these are all my
regular bras. So they have the straps
and I just sorted them by color. And
then these ones are colorful. And then I
have the strapless bras in the top. And
I try to match these in terms of color.
So these are just my workout sets. And
then these are just miscellaneous
workout sets and Pilates socks. And then
in this drawer I've just put matching PJ
sets here. And then some didn't fit into
this like divider box I have. And then I
have some sleep t-shirts [music] here.
And I tried to sort the t-shirts by
color.
>> [music]
[music]
>> 21°
and sunny
just the way I always
[music and singing] wanted
to but I got the
>> [music and singing]
>> Diamond [music]
s
the blue birds peaceful to sing
[singing] along [music]
that I love you.
[music]
[singing]
There is
[music]
[singing]
I'm trying to sign up for gym to lose
weight
Ed,
please.
>> I always dream of having a place of my
own.
>> What do you mean? You literally have a
house.
>> Hey guys, my parents have finally left
and I've just washed up from dinner. It
was my brother's birthday, so I just
went home and they offered to drive me
up and then obviously invited both my
parents to come in. My mom was picking
through my PR and my dad just got
straight to work and he was like doing
my dishes in the sink and I was trying
to tell him to relax. But if any of your
guys' dad's love language is accessors,
[music] then you know that they just
like never sit down and relax. I feel
they're always just doing something and
especially every single time I move my
dad's like crushing boxes or taking out
the garbage and that kind of thing. So
obviously I'm super grateful for both of
them and we have another busy day
unpacking tomorrow. So I will see you
guys in the morning.
>> [music]
[music]
>> It's time to build some bar stools.
Pushing this and dragging this through
the entire lobby was literally a
humiliation ritual. So now, let's build
these guys. [music]
Oh my god, I
Ouch. Oh my god, I hate my life. [music]
[music]
>> [music]
>> Okay, this was actually not that hard to
build. And now we're going to do a sit
test because I'm not sure if these are
going to be H.
They're okay. They're not that
comfortable, but at least it's done. And
it wasn't that bad.
Ooh, they kind of wiggle.
[music]
>> [music]
>> Hey guys, I've been working on the
closet for 3 hours and I feel like I can
finally show you what I've got going on.
I was also just on the phone with Ara
and she said that it looks like the
backroom of a clothing store, which I
will take as a compliment. This is what
it looks like right now. I've put up all
of my different sweaters. I tried to
color coordinate them. These ones are
all my Saison sweaters, so that's why
they have their own pile. And I've gone
through my pants box, so that's why I
have all of these piles finally sorted.
On the top level, I have my really
really big baggie jeans and then some
work skirts cuz I don't really wear
these piles a lot. And then the second
shelf is the most accessible. So I put
my work pants and then my everyday style
of jeans. So mostly straight cut barrel
jeans, a little bit of flare. Bottom
layer, I just have some comfy PJs.
[music] And I also tried to color
coordinate them. And lastly, I've sorted
all of my white tank tops into this
organizer. [music]
[music]
[music] Now, it is time for a good old
journal sesh. I'm going to be honest, I
haven't journaled in the new year yet,
and it's already like January 4th, I
believe. So, I am already behind on
making my official New Year's
resolutions and goal setting because
once it's written down in the journal,
it's essentially written in stone. So,
yeah, I'm just going [music] to do this
for the next like half hour and then I
think I really need to go to bed.
[music]
>> [music]